(Rays of light are seen in black and white coming out of a projector. The crackling noise of an old record and loud sounds are heard in the background. We see a close-up of a vinyl record playing. A round of applause is heard.)

Narrator: Axxon N., the longest-running radio play in history: tonight, continuing in the Baltic region, a grey winter day in an old hotel.

Woman #1: Na schodach jest ciemno.

(Man #1 and Woman #1 walk down the hallway of a hotel.)

Woman #1: Nie rozpoznaję tego korytarza. Gdzie my jesteśmy?

Man #1: To nasz pokój.

Woman #1: (looking for the key in her purse) Nie mam klucza.

Man #1: Nie, nie masz. Dałaś go mnie. Ja go mam.

Woman #1: Co się ze mną dzieje? (Man #1 opens the door and both enter the room.) To jest ten pokój? Nie rozpoznaję go.

Man #1: Rozbierz się.

Woman #1: Dobrze.

(Woman #1 sits down.)

Man #1: Wiesz, czym zajmują się dziwki?

Woman #1: Tak. Pieprzą się. (undressing) Chcesz mnie przelecieć?

Man #1: Po prostu się rozbierz. Powiem ci, czego chcę.

Woman #1: Dobrze. (They start having sex.) Gdzie jesteś? Boję się. Boję się.

(Song: "Polish Poem")

Chrystabell: ♪ I sing this poem to you. On the other side I see... ♪

(Woman #1 is alone in the room sitting down naked on the bed. Already in color, we see the front of a projector casting ligh rays that fades to the Lost Girl naked, covering herself with a red cloth in the same room and position as Woman #1 was last seen.)

Chrystabell: ♪ ...shining... ♪

(The Lost Girl is crying while looking at a TV showing only static noise.)

Chrystabell: ♪ ...waves glowing. ♪

(The TV shows fast-forwarded versions of upcoming scenes with the Rabbits and Visitor #1.)

Chrystabell: ♪ It's far away, far away from me. I can see it there. ♪

(The TV static noise finally disappears and fades to the rabbits' house. Suzie is ironing as Jane sits on the sofa. Jack opens the door and enters. The audience claps. Jack sits down next to Jane.)

Jane: I'm going to find out one day.

Suzie: When will you tell it?

Jack: Who could've known?

Jane: What time is it?

(The audience laughs. Jack stands up.)

Jack: I have a secret,

Jane: There have been no calls today.

(The audience laughs. Suzie walks over. Steps are heard in the background.)

Jack: I hear someone.

Suzie: (Laughs nervously.) I do not think it will be much longer now.

(Jack stands up, opens the door, leaves and closes it. In the empty, darkened room of a fancy mansion, Jack is seen entering. The spotlight focuses on him. He disappears. The shot fades to the same room with the lights on. An initially-blurry shot focuses to reveal Janek sitting on one of the chairs of the room. The Phantom sits on the other chair.)

Janek: Szukasz czegoś?

Phantom: Tak.

Janek: Próbujesz wejść?

Phantom: Tak.

Janek: Szukasz przejścia?

Phantom: (Stands up.) Tak. Szukam przejścia. Rozumiesz?

Janek: Tak. Rozumiem.

Phantom: Czy rozumiesz, że szukam przejścia?

Janek: Tak. Doskonale rozumiem.

Phantom: Dobrze. Dobrze, że rozumiesz.

(The shot of Janek blurs out again.)

Phantom: To dobrze. Dobrze, że... rozumiesz.

(The same shot of Jack in the room, empty and dark again, focused on by the spotlight. He appears to be leaving. Fade to black. Visitor #1 goes to Nikki's mansion and rings the doorbell. Uninvited, she opens the outermost door. Nikki walks over to observe from far while Henry the Butler checks who it is. He opens the innermost door and finds Visitor #1.)

Henry: May I help you?

(Visitor #1 speaks with a strong, foreign accent.)

Visitor #1: Yes. I'm a new neighbor. I live just down the street.

Henry: (turning over to Nikki) Madam?

(Nikki nods. Henry the Butler opens the door and Visitor #1 enters.)

Visitor #1: Hello! I don't mean to intrude. I'm your new neighbor. I... hope this isn't inconvenient for you.

Nikki: No, no. Um... please sit down.

Visitor #1: Oh, (looking around) such a lovely home you have!

Nikki: Well, thank you. We enjoy it very much. Please. (All three of them walk to the table.) Would you like, uh, coffee?

Visitor #1: That would be lovely. Thank you. (Both sit down.)

Henry: And for you, ma'am?

Nikki: I'll have the same, Henry, thank you.

(Henry the Butler leaves.)

Visitor #1: I've—I've been going around meeting our new neighbors. I think that it is important to know one's neighbors. To say "Hello" to them.

Nikki: Yes, it's very rare these days but that's very nice. Which house are you living in?

Visitor #1: Just down the way. Tucked back in the small woods. The brick house.

Nikki: I think I know the one.

Visitor #1: It's difficult to see it from the road.

(Henry the Butler enters with two napkins followed by the servant carrying a coffee set. They both set the table and Henry gives the two women their napkins before serving them coffee.)

Visitor #1: (grabbing the napkin) Thank you.

Henry: Condiments, madam?

Visitor #1: Oh, yes. Very good.

Henry: (to Nikki) Will that be all, madam?

Nikki: Uh, yes. Yes, thank you.

Henry: I'll be just close by if you need me.

Nikki: Thank you, Henry.

Visitor #1: So, you have a new role to play, I hear?

Nikki: Up for a role, but, uh, I'm afraid, far from getting it.

Visitor #1: No, no, I definitely heard that you have it.

Nikki: Oh.

Visitor #1: Yes. It is an—It is an interesting role?

Nikki: Oh, yes, very.

Visitor #1: Is it about marriage?

Nikki: Um, perhaps in some ways, but, uh...

Visitor #1: Your husband. He's involved?

Nikki: No.

Visitor #1: Mmm... A little boy went out to play. When he opened his door, he saw the world. As he passed through the doorway, he caused a reflection. Evil was born. Evil was born and followed the boy

Nikki: (confused) I'm sorry. Wh—What is that?

Visitor #1: An old tale... and the variation: A little girl went out to play, lost in the marketplace, as if half-born. Then, not through the marketplace. You see that, don't you? But through the alley behind the marketplace. This is the way to the palace. But... it isn't something you remember. Forgetfulnessl. It happens to us all. And, me? Why. I'm the worst one! "Oh, where was I?" Mmm, yes. Is—Is there a murder in your film?

Nikki: Uh, no. That's not part of the story.

Visitor #1: No. I think you are wrong about that.

Nikki: No.

Visitor #1: Brutal fucking murder!

Nikki: Uh, I don't like this kind of talk. The things you've been saying... I think you should go now.

Visitor #1: (Nods.) Yes. Me, I—I can't seem to remember if it's today, two days from now or... yesterday! I suppose if it was nine forty-five, I'd think it was after midnight. For instance: if today was tomorrow, you wouldn't even remember that you owed on an unpaid bill. Actions do have consequences... and yet, there is the magic. If it was tomorrow, you would be sitting over there. (She points towards the couch in front of them. They both look in that direction.) Do you see?

(Nikki, Linda and Tracy are sitting down on the same couch. Henry the Butler approaches them with a wireless phone.)

Henry: Excuse me, ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am? Telephone. It's for you. (handing the phone over to Nikki) It's your agent.

Nikki: (on the phone) Greg? (gets excited, stands up) Greg?! (visibly happy) Greg! (starts jumping and is joined by her friends) Oh, I got it! I got it!

Linda and Tracy: Oh, I knew it. Good for you!

(A serious-faced Piotrek observes her wife Nikki and her friends celebrating from upstairs. Cut to a meeting of the crew for the film On High in Blue Tomorrows in Stage 32 at Paramount Studios. The Hollywood sign is visible from the place.)

Kingsley: Nikki, it's we who are happy and fortunate to have you onboard on this film, on this role. I meant everything I said in praising Devon. And, forgive me, I do love making speeches. I mean this too: you have everything you need to soar back to the top and stay perched there. This film, you and Devon, a great director... Yes, do I hear? The script as well, we're gonna plunge into it. If we all play our role, do our best. If we work hard together, well, this could be the one. This is a star maker if ever I saw one, you'll see. I think we have a chance to pull it off. What do you say?

Nikki: Let's do it.

Devon: Well, if you don't fuck it up, Kingsley, I'm sure we can.

(Kingsley laughs. So does the producer.)

Producer: I've never felt better in my life. Champagne and caviar is on its way.

(Applauses are heard. Cut to the set of a live interview for The Marilyn Levens Starlight Celebrity Show.)

Marilyn: (on a pre-recorded voice-over) Tonight, Nikki Grace and Devon Berk. (on set, to her hair stylist) Marsha, honey, I know where you live. Don't pull my hair.

Stage Manager: We're back in five, four, three, two...

Marilyn: Mommas, lock up your daughters' doors. Nikki, really. This news, this shocking revelation by Devon must send a shiver down your spine. Are you going to be able to be true to hubby with a wolf in the den?

Nikki: (annoyed) Now, Marilyn... (Marilyn giggles.) We, um, I'm sure we'll get on famously, in a professional way and that's how it will stay: professional.

Marilyn: Mmm, hmm, mm-hmm... Mm-hmm. And, Devon, you naughty boy, are you hiding a smile? Is your devilish mind scheming?

Devon: If you're looking for shock value, Marilyn, I suggest you look in the mirror.

Marilyn: Whoo-hoo-hoo. What a biting wit! But I tell you this: Marilyn Levens is going to be watching. And she will be reporting to you everything she finds out. There, and there, and there and beyond, around the world.

Announcer: The Marilyn Levens Starlight Celebrity Show will be back next week from Hollywood, California, where stars make dreams and dreams make stars.

(The audience cheers. Marilyn throws kisses at the camera. Cut to the backstage, Devon and his assistants enter a hallway and walk down it.)

Devon: ...the hell were you assholes thinking? That was the biggest crock of shit I ever saw! How can this bitch be popular? Bullshit.

(Nikki is in a dressing room. Linda and Tracy enter.)

Linda: Heeyy... honey!

Nikki: Ugh, you guys. How did it go? How did it feel?

Linda: You were great! You were amazing. Beautiful.

Nikki's Manager: You were incredible. You—You absolutely nailed it. I mean, did you hear her? Did you hear what Marilyn said?

Nikki: No.

Nikki's Manager: She said you glowed.

Tracy: She did.

Nikki's Manager: I mean, it was perfect.

(Cut to Devon's dressing room.)

Devon's Manager: So, Devon, this one's off limits, right? Don't even think about it. If I don't kill you, her husband will and he is the most powerful guy around. He knows everything. There's not a thing he doesn't know. I could tell you stories that'll curl your hair. So listen to me when I tell you: around Nikki, keep it in your pants.

Devon: What the fuck you guys talking about? She's a nice girl but she's so far from my style it's not even funny.

Devon's Agent: Beautiful, Devon, great. We'll be able to sleep tonight.

Devon's Driver: But you gotta admit, though, she's got a nice ass.

(They all laugh. At night, Linda and Tracy drop Nikki off at her house.)

Tracy: It was good.

Nikki: Nighty-night, guys.

Tracy: Good night. I'll talk to you tomorrow.

Linda: (whispering) Bye.

Tracy: (to the driver) Let's go.

(The car drives off. Nikki enters her mansion. The next day Nikki is taken by a guard in a golf cart to Stage 4 at Paramount Studios.)

Nikki: (to the other guard) Hello.

Studio Security Guard #2: Good morning, Ms. Grace. Go right inside.

Nikki: (tasting Devon's coffee) Ooh, fan-tastic!

Devon: It's all in the beans. (impersonating his character's Southern accent) And I'm just full of beans.

(They both laugh. Nikki sits down next to Devon.)

Nikki: (looking at the set) Oh, is that our set?

Devon: Yeah. But it's not finished yet. There's Smithy's house.

Nikki: Smithy's house...

(Kingsley and Freddie enter the set.)

Kingsley: Ha! I should've guessed you two professionals would be here early and beavering away.

Devon: Just laying about drinking cappuccinos.

Nikki: Devon makes a great cappuccino.

Devon: Care for one?

Kingsley: Oh, thanks, but Freddie and I just had a... cup of tea—actually, it was a terrible cup of tea—at the commissary.

Freddie: "Terrible" is an inadequate description of it.

(They both sit down too. Freddie tries not to fall asleep.)

Kingsley: Well, I thought since we're here and Smithy's set's been started, we might go through some of those scenes that take place there. Not the love scene, of course, but some of the earlier scenes that indicate so beautifully your characters. (clears throat) Let's take, for instance, scene 35, the scene where, uh, (clears throat again) Devon, you arrive at, uh, Smithy's house to find Sue, Nikki, looking out of the window.

Nikki: I love that scene.

Kingsley: Yeah, well, we'll just, uh, we'll go through it and then we'll maybe take it on the set and block it out as best as possible.

Devon: So I guess we should just jump right in.

Kingsley: Yeah, that would be jolly good.

Devon: Alright. Um, I'll start it off, uh, top of page 57.

Kingsley: Uh, Nikki, this is just a rought run-through so don't be hard on yourself.

Devon: I am expecting of you an Academy Award performance right out of the gate, so...

Nikki: (smiling, flattered) Thanks, Devon. Get going please.

(They start acting, both speak with a Southern accent.)

Devon: I didn't think you'd be here.

Nikki: No, of course, you wouldn't. That's because you, uh—

Devon: What?

Nikki: What do you want?

Devon: I said some things last night, as you know...

Nikki: Yeah.

Devon: ...and I want to apologize.

Nikki: Apologize?

Devon: Yeah.

Nikki: The things you said weren't the truth?

Devon: I didn't say that.

Nikki: Were they the truth?

Devon: Are you cryin'?

Nikki: (nodding, crying) Uh-huh. Yeah.

Devon: Are you sorry about last night?

Nikki: Are you?

Devon: Why are you cryin'?

Nikki: I'm sorry, Billy. I'm so sorry.

Devon: What?

Nikki: Oh, shit. Look in the other room.

Freddie: (noticing something in the background) What is that?

Kingsley: (rebuking him) Freddie!

Freddie: No, someone's there.

(Nikki wipes her tears, she and Devon turn around.)

Kingsley: (stands up) This stage is supposed to be ours and ours alone.

Devon: (stands up) Well, let's have a look.

(Devon walks to investigate. He starts running after hearing loud steps and the door of Smithy's house being shut. He tries to open it unsuccessfully. He inspects around the false front of the house to see if there's anyone behind but finds no one. He returns.)

Nikki: Who was it?

Devon: Disappeared where it's real hard to disappear.

Kingsley: Maybe we should talk. Maybe this is the moment. Let's be serious for a moment about something other than this scene. (sits down)

Nikki: What?

Devon: What is it?

Kingsley: Sit down. I'll tell you. (Devon sits down.) Now, it was Freddie who first heard about it. It's—If you have a—an assistant who can hold his liquor, then... Freddie can do that with the best of them.

Freddie: Somebody's got do it. Gable's dead.

Kingsley: Now, Freddie is purposefully out and about gathering what in this business is the most valuable commodity: information. Information is indispensable. You probably know this from your own lives. We all have people who gather: agents, friends, producers. And... sometimes they share, sometimes not. Politics? I don't know. Huh! Ego... fear...

Devon: Kingsley!

Kingsley: ...Sometimes one just isn't told the whole story...

Devon: Kingsley, get to the point.

Kingsley: On High in Blue Tomorrows is, in fact, a remake.

Devon: It's a remake?

Kingsley: Yeah.

Devon: I wouldn't do a remake.

Kingsley: No, no, no, no, no. I know, of course, but you didn't know. The original was a different name. It was started but it was never finished. Now, Freddie's found out that our producers knew the history of this film and they have taken it on themselves not to pass that information to us, purposefully. Well, at least, not me and I assume not the two of you. True?

Nikki: No, uh, absolutely. Nobody told me anything.

Devon: No. Me neither. I—I thought this was an original script.

Kingsley: Yeah, well... Anyway, the film was never finished. Something happened before the film was finished.

Nikki: I—I don't understand. Why wouldn't it finish?

Kingsley: (sighs) Well, after the characters had been filming for some time, they discovered something in—in—something inside—inside the story.

Devon: Please. Kingsley.

Kingsley: Th—The two leads... were murdered! It was based on a Polish Gypsy folktale. The title in German was Vier Sieben, "Four Seven." And it was said to be cursed. So it turned out to be.

(Cut to Nikki's mansion.)

Nikki: What?

(Mr. and Mrs. Żydowicz are in front of her, next to Piotrek.)

Mr. Żydowicz: Nie zrozumiała pani, co powiedziałem?

Nikki: Um, I don't understand.

Mr. Żydowicz: Mm, you don't speak Polish.

Nikki: No.

Mr. Żydowicz: (to Piotrek) (?)

Piotrek: I—I think she understands more than she lets on.

Nikki: But I don't speak it, so...

(Cut to a shot of the full moon at night. Detective Hutchinson and Doris Side sit down in an interrogation room. She moves carefully)

Hutchinson: Now, what's this all about?

Doris: I've been hypnotized or somethin'.

Hutchinson: Hypnotized?

Doris: I'm... gonna... I'm—I'm gonna... I'm gonna kill someone.

Hutchinson: Oh, yeah? Who you gonna kill?

Doris: I don't know.

Hutchinson: Who hypnotized you?

Doris: I—I saw him (she turns her head around) looking at me once when I—when I looked around the bar. He then moved his hands. And he—he said that I—that I would know who it was.

Hutchinson: How are you gonna kill this person?

Doris: With a screwdriver.

(She removes a big bandage from her abdomen, revealing a screwdriver inserted into it. Cut to a scene of On High in Blue Tomorrows being shot. Sue and Billy are talking in a gazebo.)

Nikki: Your wife.

Devon: Oh, I've been with her since I was a little boy.

Nikki: Little boy? Nothin' little 'bout you now. As far as I heard, that is. Why are you doin' this?

Devon: Doin' what?

Nikki: Don't play dumb with me, Billy. I got a husband, you got a wife and two kids. Why are you doin' this?

Devon: 'Cause I never met you before.

Nikki: What?

Devon: I didn't know you before. I didn't ever have this feelin'. You have it too. Don't you?

Nikki: I can't afford to, Billy. All I see from this is blue tomorrows.

Kingsley: (snaps his fingers) Cut it, cut it!

Staff: We're down. Cut. Cut.

Kingsley: (claps once) That was brilliant. We're moving on. We're moving on.

Staff: Check the gate, please. Camera reloads. Camera reloads! Camera reloads and we check the gate.

Kingsley: Good, good.

Staff: We move on to 27 before lunch.

Nikki: (to Devon, back in her normal accent) Did you feel good about it?

Devon: (back in his normal accent as well) Yeah. I felt great.

Nikki: Okay.

Kingsley: So we're gonna leave this lovely weather? Freddie do you have an ashtray there.

Freddie: I had one over here.

(At Stage 4, Freddie sits down on a chair. There are two others next to him, which are then filled by Nikki and Devon.)

Freddie: Going well?

Nikki: Very well. Thank you, Freddie.

Devon: Very enjoyable.

Freddie. "Enjoyable." Yes, that's the word.

Nikki: Are you enjoying yourself, Freddie?

Freddie: Well, there's a vast network. Right? An ocean of possibilities. I like dogs. I used to raise rabbits. I've always loved animals, their nature, how they think. I have seen dogs reason their way out of problems, watched them think through the trickiest of situations. Do you have a couple of bucks I could borrow? I've got this damn landlord. (Nikki looks for money and gives it to him.) Thanks. I got a lot of nerve, I know. Seems like only yesterday that I was carrying my own weight. Yeah. (He looks at Devon, who gives him money as well.)

(Nikki is having her makeup done.)

Kingsley: It's the, uh, ninety-year-old niece.

Devon: Yeah?

Kingsley: Ever since we went into pre-production she's been fascinated by Smithy. Keeps going on and on about Smithy. Asking in that ancient, foreign voice of hers: "Who is playing Smithy?"

(At Nikki's mansion, the servants are picking up the dishes from two people who had finished a fancy dinner. Nikki enters)

Nikki: Piotrek? (she sees the head manservant) Where did everyone go?

Manservant: I'm sorry, he's taken Mr. Berk upstaris.

Nikki: Alright. (leaves to eavesdrop on the conversation between his husband and his co-star.)

Piotrek: I'm listening to you but I don't hear you.

Devon: I'm not exactly sure what you're getting at.

Piotrek: I'm going to put my arm around you. (wraps his arm around Devon) I want to hold you close. You don't mind that, do you?

Devon: (laughs) What do you mean?

Piotrek: Well, sometimes people don't say exactly what they mean. And you have been guilty of this all evening.

Devon: Yeah.

Piotrek: Now I will tell you something... and I will mean everything I say. My wife is not a free agent. I don't allow her that. The bonds of marriage are real bonds. The vows we take, we honor and enforce them. For ourselves, by ourselves or, if necessary, they're enforced for us. Either way she's bound. Do you understand this? There are consequences to one's actions and there would for certain be consequences to wrong actions. Dark, they would be, and inescapable. Why instigate the need to suffer? (walks out.)

(On set.)

Kingsley: (on a megaphone) Yeah. Is—Is that—Look, Bucky J, are you there? (to one of the crew members) Is—Is he—Is he up there?

Staff: He's there, yeah.

Kingsley: I—I think we—we haven't still got the 2K quite in the right place. I—I think I'd say up two feet. You'd know better than me. But, uh, it's—it's still too—

Bucky J: (from afar) Boss, you want that 2K down? You want it down?

Kingsley: Yeah. Uh, I'd say about two foot down, Bucky.

Bucky J: How far do you want it to go down?

Kingsley: Yeah, a bit—a bit—a bit more. Keep—

Bucky J: No! How far?

Kingsley: Another foot, Bucky.

Bucky J: I haven't even—I haven't even touched it yet.

Kingsley: Well, then put it two foot from where it is, uh, no, a foot down from where it is now, Bucky.

Bucky J: How much?

Kingsley: What?

Bucky J: Got it, boss!

Kingsley: Uh, Bucky, I—Bucky, just lower it two foot. Would you? From there. No, Bucky, it's going up. I want it down, Bucky, two foot lower.

Bucky J: First goddamn time I—I had a cramp! Just a minute, I'm gettin' on it. I'm gettin' on it.

Staff: (to Kingsley) He's got issues with his wife.

Kingsley: Yeah, okay. (on the megaphone) Thank you, Bucky. (off) Can we have someone else do the—?

Staff: Let me go talk to him.

Kingsley: (on) Just, uh, relax for a minute. (off) Yeah. Okay.

Staff: Listen, okay, the medic's—the medic's gonna see him, check it out, see what's going on, 'cause it's just—he's not acting right.

Kingsley: Yeah, but—but who's—?

Staff: If he was on anything I'd kick him right off the set. Phil's on it.

Kingsley: Okay.

Staff: Phil—Phil's in—We've got Phil up in there now. Buck J's gonna take a coffee break. (to the rest) Please, guys, let's work on these lighting cues. Alright? We need to work together.

Kingsley: (opens the door, to Nikki and Devon) We're almost lit. Couple of minutes.

Staff: Alright, Tim and Sally. The five-minute warning, five-minute warning. Last looks on first team, please. Five-minute warning. Lockups, go to place, please. Lockups in place.

(In the set of Billy's mansion. Nikki and Devon are recording another scene.)

Nikki: I'm headin' out. You need anythin'?

Devon: Oh, quittin' time already?

Nikki: Past.

Devon: (checks his watch) Wanna stay for a drink?

Nikki: Nah, I'm late for gym.

Devon: Gym? Is that with a G or a J?

Nikki: Oh, that's original. G.

Devon: What do you do at the gym?

Nikki: I exercise.

Devon: (laughs.) Why would you do that?

Nikki: See ya.

Devon: Oh-ho-ho-ho. (whining playfully) You won't stay for one little drink? I'm so lonely.

Nikki: Oh, poor small infant child.

Devon: One?

Nikki: (convinced) Damn. (enters back again.)

////////////

Lost Girl: Nic się za tym nie kryło. Po prostu zadałam pytanie.

Phantom: A dlaczego pytasz, jeśli to nic nie znaczy? Ma być tak jak ty chcesz?

Lost Girl: Nie. Tak jak ty chcesz.

Phantom: Ah. Teraz ja.

Lost Girl: Zawsze ty.

Phantom: Mnie możesz oszukiwać, ale nie oszukuj siebie. Jesteś podstępna. (pushing her) Podstępna jesteś.

Lost Girl: Nie popychaj mnie.

Phantom: Popchnę cię... (pushes her again) do piekła.

Lost Girl: Przestań!

Doris Side: Nie mogę ci dać dzieci. Wiem. Słuchasz mnie?

Piotrek: Wychodzę.

Doris Side: Nie jestem tą, o której myślisz. Nie pozwolę, byś ją miał. Nigdy. (whispering) Nigdy.

Man on Street: Przepraszam pana, która godzina?

Piotrek: Dziewięć czterdzieści pięć.

Man on Street: Dziękuję.

////////////////

Lost Girl: Uwolnij mnie od tego przeklętego marzenia, które zawładnęło moim sercem.

Phantom: O mały włos cię nie poznałem.

Lost Girl: Zaskoczyłeś mnie.

Phantom: Dziwnie tak... spotkać się na ulicy, co?

Lost Girl: Wyglądasz na zmartwionego. Mam rację?

Phantom: A powinienem być?

Lost Girl: Nie, ale mimo wszystko...

Phantom: Nie powinienem być. Tak?

Lost Girl: Nie... ale mimo wszystko wydaje mi się, że jesteś.

Phantom: Myślę, że mnie nie poznajesz mojego sposobu bycia.

Lost Girl: To prawda. Wydajesz się być kimś innym.

Phantom: Ty też. Przywykłem do widywania się z tobą w naszym domu, nie na ulicy, w nocy.

Lost Girl: Ja też.

Phantom: Popełniono tu morderstwo.

Lost Girl: To okropne. Gdzie?

Phantom: Niedaleko stąd. Myślę, że znałeś tę osobę.

Lost Girl: Kto to?

Phantom: Nie znam jej, ale wydaje mi się, że widziałem ją z tobą.

Lost Girl: Naprawdę?

Phantom: Naprawdę. Wydaje mi się, że widziałem was razem

Lost Girl: To okropne.


//////

Circus Man #5: Sytuacja staje się poważna.

////

Gordy: Czego chcesz?

Smithy: Gdzie on jest?

Gordy: O co ci chodzi? Ślepy jesteś? Nie ma go. Wynoś się.

Smithy: Wszyscy?

Gordy: Czemu odpowiadać na twoje głupie pytania? Jesteś nikim! Nic tu nie zrobiłeś.

Smithy: Gdzie on pojechał?

Gordy: Nie wiem. Gadał, paplął coś jakimś Inland Empire.

//////////////

Lost Girl: (mumbling) Tam ktoś jest. Muszę ci o tym powiedzieć. Tam ktoś jest.

Smithy: Cześć.

Marek: Poznajesz ją?

Smithy: Ja nie widzę żadnej kobiety.

Marek: Wiesz, że chciała widzieć się z tobą?

Lost Girl: Nie wiem gdzie jestem.

Smithy: Ją słyszę.

Janek: A widzisz ją?

Smithy: Nie.

Franciszek: To było... czerwone.

Marek: Pracujesz dla kogoś?

Smithy: Tak.

Marek: To ten, o którym ona coś mówiła.

Smithy: Ten, dla którego robię.

Marek: To... rozumiesz.

Darek: Zaprowadzono konia... do studni.

Marek: Weź pistolet.

Janek: Spadamy.

(?): Natychmiast! Już po północy!

//////////////

Lost Girl: Spójrzcie na mnie. Widziałyście mnie kiedyś?

/////////

Mr. K: Czerwone. Tak.